<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_rzp_q5q_kxb">
    <title>Adapters </title>
    <body>
        <p>Synopsys Bridge uses multiple adapters to run scan workflows:<ul id="ul_a4b_qxq_rwb">
                <li>The <b>Initializer Adapter</b> creates Tests for the requested assessment
                    types.</li>
                <li>The <b>Controller Adapter</b> examines Tests and queues up the adapters needed
                    to provide artifacts. For example: For a SAST assessment test, it queues up the
                    Coverity Capture Adapter. It also checks to see whether Coverity is installed,
                    and if not, queues up the Tool Downloader and Coverity Installer adapters with
                    required resources.</li>
                <li>The <b>Tool Downloader Adapter</b> downloads any large files needed to install
                    requested tools. This only runs if one or more tools requested are not already
                    present.</li>
                <li>The <b>Coverity Installer Adapter</b> extracts and installs Client Side Coverity
                    tools. This only runs if the requested tool is not already present.</li>
                <li>The <b>Black Duck Installer Adapter</b> extracts and installs Client Side Black
                    Duck tools. This only runs if the requested tool is not already present. </li>
                <li>The <b>Coverity Capture Adapter</b> executes Coverity Capture commands needed to
                    generate the <codeph>idir</codeph> artifact. This adapter only runs if an SAST
                    assessment was requested and the customer has the appropriate entitlements to
                    run an SAST Test. <note>A <codeph>coverity.yml</codeph> configuration file is
                        required for <ul id="ul_b4b_qxq_rwb">
                            <li>Static analysis of compiled languages like C/C++, C# and Java. </li>
                            <li>Optimizing static analysis when results are unsatisfactory.</li>
                        </ul> See Configuring Coverity Thin Client for use with Synopsys Bridge and
                        Polaris.</note></li>
                <li>The <b>Black Duck Execution Adapter</b> executes the Black Duck commands needed
                    to generate the <codeph>BDIO</codeph> artifact. This adapter only runs if an SCA
                    assessment was requested and the customer has the appropriate entitlements to
                    run an SCA Test.</li>
                <li>The <b>Artifacts Uploader Adapter</b> uploads any artifacts produced by previous
                    adapters to Storage, and instructs the Test to continue to the next phase, or
                    throws an alert if there are failures.</li>
            </ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
