<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ws3_kg4_cyb">
    <title>Additional GitLab Configuration</title>
    <body>
        <p>The following optional parameters can be used for Polaris, Black Duck or Coverity
            Connect. <ul id="ul_yf1_5mz_nxb">
                <li><codeph>SYNOPSYS_BRIDGE_PATH</codeph>: Use this to specify the path to Synopsys Bridge. Optional. <note>If you don't
                        provide any path, then the configuration path defaults to
                            <codeph>$HOME/synopsys-bridge</codeph>.</note></li>
                <li><codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_URL</codeph>:  Use this to specify the URL to the Synopsys Bridge zip file to be downloaded from and used.</li>
                <li><codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_VERSION</codeph>: Use this to specify the Synopsys
                    Bridge version to use. If provided, the specified version of Synopsys Bridge
                    will be automatically downloaded and used. If not, the latest version is
                    downloaded and used.<note>If <codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_VERSION</codeph> or
                        <codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_URL</codeph> are not provided, Synopsys Template
                    automatically downloads and configures the latest version of Synopsys Bridge. As
                    per current behavior, the existing directory will be cleaned and then Synopsys
                    Template automatically downloads and configures Synopsys Bridge every time.</note></li>
                <li><codeph>INCLUDE_DIAGNOSTICS</codeph>: When set to <codeph>true</codeph>, Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files are created.<note>While including Synopsys Bridge
                        diagnostic files, default expiry time for uploaded artifacts is 30 days.
                        Expiry time for job artifacts can be updated accordingly. Refer to SCM
                        documentation for more details :<xref
                            href="https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/jobs/job_artifacts.html"
                            format="html" scope="external"
                            >https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/jobs/job_artifacts.html</xref>.</note></li>
            </ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
