<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ws3_kg4_cyb">
    <title>Additional GitLab Configuration</title>
    <body>
        <p>The following optional parameters can be used for Polaris, Black Duck or Coverity
            Connect. <ul id="ul_yf1_5mz_nxb">
                <li><codeph>SYNOPSYS_BRIDGE_PATH</codeph>: Use this to specify the path to Synopsys
                    Bridge.  Optional. <note>If this is not explicitly specified, then the
                        integration defaults to <codeph>$HOME/synopsys-bridge</codeph>. If the
                        installed version of Synopsys Bridge is not the latest, then the latest
                        version of Synopsys Bridge is downloaded unless you specify the version to
                        use explicitly (as documented below).</note></li>
                <li><codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_URL</codeph>: Use this to specify the URL to the
                    Synopsys Bridge zip file to be downloaded from and used.<note
                        id="note_dqy_35v_gyb">If <codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_URL</codeph> is not
                        provided, Synopsys Gitlab Template downloads the latest version of Synopsys
                        Bridge from the <xref
                            href="https://sig-repo.synopsys.com/artifactory/bds-integrations-release/com/synopsys/integration/synopsys-bridge/"
                            format="html" scope="external">Synopsys Artifactory</xref>..
                    </note></li>
                <li><codeph>DOWNLOAD_BRIDGE_VERSION</codeph>: Use this to specify the Synopsys
                    Bridge version to use. If provided, the specified version of Synopsys Bridge
                    will be automatically downloaded and used. If not, the latest version is
                    downloaded and used.</li>
                <li><codeph>INCLUDE_DIAGNOSTICS</codeph>: When set to <codeph>true</codeph>,
                    Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files are created.<note>While including Synopsys
                        Bridge diagnostic files, default expiry time for uploaded artifacts is 30
                        days. Refer to SCM documentation for more details : <xref
                            href="c_additional-gitlab-parameters.dita" format="html"
                            scope="external"
                            >https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/jobs/job_artifacts.html</xref>.</note></li>
            </ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
