<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ws3_kg4_cyb">
    <title>Additional Azure Configuration</title>
    <body>
        <p>The following optional parameters can be used for Polaris, Black Duck or Coverity
            Connect. <ul id="ul_yf1_5mz_nxb">
                <li><codeph>SYNOPSYS_BRIDGE_PATH</codeph>: Use this to specify the path to Synopsys
                    Bridge. Optional.<note id="note_bpq_mxv_gyb">If this is not explicitly
                        specified, then the integration defaults to
                            <codeph>$HOME/synopsys-bridge</codeph>. If the installed version of
                        Synopsys Bridge is not the latest, then the latest version of Synopsys
                        Bridge is downloaded unless you specify the version to use explicitly (as
                        documented below).</note></li>
                <li><codeph>BRIDGE_DOWNLOAD_URL</codeph>: Use this to specify the URL to Synopsys
                    Bridge zip file to be downloaded and used .<note id="note_bp1_3zv_gyb">If
                            <codeph>bridge_download_url</codeph> is not provided, Synopsys Security
                        Scan will download the latest version of Synopsys Bridge from the <xref
                            href="https://sig-repo.synopsys.com/artifactory/bds-integrations-release/com/synopsys/integration/synopsys-bridge/"
                            format="html" scope="external">Synopsys Artifactory</xref>.</note></li>
                <li><codeph>BRIDGE_DOWNLOAD_VERSION</codeph>: Use this to specify the Synopsys
                    Bridge version to use. If provided, the specified version of Synopsys Bridge
                    will be automatically downloaded and used. If not, the latest version is
                    downloaded and used .</li>
                <li><codeph>SYNOPSYS_BRIDGE_PATH</codeph>: Use this to specify the path to
                    SynopsysBridge. Optional. <note>If this is not explicitly specified, then the
                        integration defaults to <codeph>$HOME/synopsys-bridge</codeph>. If the
                        installed version of Synopsys Bridge is not the latest, then the latest
                        version of Synopsys Bridge is downloaded unless you specify the version to
                        use explicitly (as documented below).</note></li>
                <li><codeph>include_diagnostics</codeph>: When set to <codeph>true,</codeph>
                    Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files are created. Azure DevOps no longer supports
                    per-pipeline retention rules. The only way to configure retention policies for
                    YAML and classic pipelines is through the project settings. For more details,
                    see <xref
                        href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/policies/retention?view=azure-devops&amp;tabs=yaml#set-run-retention-policies"
                        format="html" scope="external">Set run retention policies</xref>.</li>
            </ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
