<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_lyx_3kp_cyb">
    <title>Using Azure DevOps Extension with Black Duck</title>
    <body>
        <p>Synopsys Security Scan supports both self-hosted (e.g. on-prem) and Synopsys-hosted Black
            Duck Hub instances.</p>
        <p>In the default Black Duck Hub permission model, projects and project versions are created
            on the fly and as needed. Ensure that permissions needed to create projects and project
            versions are granted on Black Duck Hub.</p>
        <p>Configure sensitive data like usernames, passwords and URLs using pipeline variables. </p>
        <p>Here is an example <codeph>azure-pipelines.yml</codeph> that you can use with Black
            Duck:<codeblock id="codeblock_nxt_q54_gyb">trigger:
- main

pool:
  vmImage: ubuntu-latest

variables:
  - group: blackduck

steps:
- task: SynopsysSecurityScan@1.0.0
  displayName: 'Black Duck Full Scan'
  condition: not(eq(variables['Build.Reason'], 'PullRequest'))
  ### Use below configuration to set specific detect environment variables
  env:
    DETECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>$(Build.Repository.Name)
</varname>  inputs:
    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_URL: <varname>$(BLACKDUCK_URL)
</varname>    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN: $<varname>(BLACKDUCK_TOKEN)
</varname>    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_SCAN_FULL: true
    ### Accepts Multiple Values
    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_SCAN_FAILURE_SEVERITIES: 'BLOCKER,CRITICAL'
    ### Uncomment below configuration to enable automatic fix pull request creation if vulnerabilities are reported
    # BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_FIXPR: true 
    # AZURE_TOKEN: <varname>$(System.AccessToken)</varname> # Mandatory when BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_FIXPR is set to 'true'
    ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
    # INCLUDE_DIAGNOSTICS: true      

- task: SynopsysSecurityScan@1.0.0
  displayName: 'Black Duck PR Scan'
  condition: eq(variables['Build.Reason'], 'PullRequest')
  ### Use below configuration to set specific detect environment variables
  env:
    DETECT_PROJECT_NAME: $<varname>(Build.Repository.Name)</varname>
  inputs:
    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_URL: <varname>$(BLACKDUCK_URL)
</varname>    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN: <varname>$(BLACKDUCK_API_TOKEN)
</varname>    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_SCAN_FULL: false
    ### Below configuration is used to enable automatic pull request comment based on Black Duck scan result
    BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT: true
    AZURE_TOKEN: <varname>$(System.AccessToken)</varname> # Mandatory when BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT is set to 'true'
    ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
    # INCLUDE_DIAGNOSTICS: true    </codeblock></p>
        <table id="table_ulr_fv4_gyb">
            <title>List of mandatory and optional parameters for Black Duck below:</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
                <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
                <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Input Parameter</b></entry>
                        <entry><b>Description</b></entry>
                        <entry><b>Mandatory / Optional</b></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_URL</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>Black Duck URL</entry>
                        <entry>Mandatory</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>Black Duck API token</entry>
                        <entry>Mandatory</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_INSTALL_DIRECTORY</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>Installation directory for Black Duck</entry>
                        <entry>Optional</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_SCAN_FULL</codeph></entry>
                        <entry><p>Specifies whether full scan is required or not. </p><p> Must be
                                set to <codeph>true</codeph> for push events and
                                    <codeph>false</codeph> for pull request events.</p> Default:
                                <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>Optional</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_SCAN_FAILURE_SEVERITIES</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Black Duck scan failure severities used to decide if build should be
                                broken.</p>
                            <p> Supported values: <codeph>ALL, NONE, BLOCKER, CRITICAL, MAJOR,
                                    MINOR, OK, TRIVIAL, UNSPECIFIED</codeph>
                            </p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>Optional</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT</codeph></entry>
                        <entry><p>Option to enable automatic creation pull request comments for new
                                issues found in the pull request.</p><p> Baseline full scan results
                                must exist on the server for this feature to work.</p>Default:
                                <codeph>false</codeph><p> </p><p><b>Note</b> - Feature is supported
                                only through yaml configuration</p></entry>
                        <entry>Optional</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>BRIDGE_BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_FIXPR</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Option to enable automatic creation for fix pull requests for
                                vulnerable direct dependencies. </p>
                            <p> </p>
                            <p> Default: false </p>
                            <p>Note - Black Duck automation fix pull request is currently supported
                                for npm projects only.</p>
                            <p>Note - Feature is supported only through yaml configuration.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>Optional</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><codeph>AZURE_TOKEN</codeph></entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Azure Access Token </p>
                            <p> Example: <codeph>AZURE_TOKEN: $(System.AccessToken)</codeph> or
                                    <codeph>AZURE_TOKEN: $(PAT_TOKEN)</codeph>
                            </p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>Mandatory if
                                <codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT</codeph>or<codeph>BRIDGE_BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_AUTOMATION_FIXPR</codeph>
                            is set true.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
