<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_lr5_l5x_dyb">
    <title>Azure Prerequisites</title>
    <body>
        <p>Before adding Synopsys Security Scan in your azure pipeline, you must meet the following
            prerequisites: </p>
        <section id="section_gfr_5wx_dyb">
            <title>Azure Agent Setup</title>
            <p>Azure agents are required and can be installed and used on GNU/Linux, macOS, Windows
                and Docker. See <xref
                    href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents?view=azure-devops&amp;tabs=browser"
                    format="html" scope="external"/> for details. You can use Microsoft-hosted
                agents as well to scan your code using Azure Pipelines.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_d5m_w5x_dyb">
            <title>Configure Variables</title>
            <p>Sensitive data such as access tokens, user names, passwords and even URLs must be
                configured using variable groups (<b>Project</b> → <b>Pipelines</b> → <b>Library</b>
                → <b>New Variable Group</b>).</p>
            <p><codeph>AZURE_TOKEN</codeph> is required as input when running Black Duck Fix PR,
                Black Duck/Coverity PR Comment. There are two different types of tokens to pass to
                    <codeph>AZURE_TOKEN</codeph>:<ul id="ul_iry_rvx_dyb">
                    <li>To use <codeph>AZURE_TOKEN: $(System.AccessToken)</codeph>, you must enable
                        this in the Azure interface. Go to <b>Project</b> → <b>Project Settings</b>
                        → <b>Repository</b> → <b>Security</b> → <b>Build Service</b> and set
                            <b>Contribute to pull requests</b>, <b>Create branch</b> and <b>Delete
                            or disable repository</b> to <b>Allow</b>. Confirm
                            <codeph>System.AccessToken</codeph> has <b>Contribute to PR</b>
                        permissions (<b>Project</b> → <b>Project Settings</b> → <b>Repositories</b>
                        → <b>Security</b> → <b>Build Service User</b>).</li>
                    <li>To use <codeph>AZURE_TOKEN: $(PAT_TOKEN)</codeph>, PAT token should have
                        minimum permissions <b>Code - Full</b> and <b>Pull Request Threads - Read
                            &amp; write</b>. See <xref
                            href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&amp;tabs=Windows"
                            format="html" scope="external">Use personal access tokens</xref> for
                        more details. </li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>If you like Synopsys Security Scan to add comments to pull requests (supported
                forBlack Duck and Coverity), enable <b>Buildvalidation policy
                    </b>(<b>Project</b>→<b>ProjectSettings </b>→ <b>Repositories</b>→<b>Branch
                    Policy </b>→<b>Add branch protection</b>) to trigger the pipeline on any PR or
                push event to a branch (usually main or master branch). See <xref
                    href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/branch-policies?view=azure-devops&amp;tabs=browser#build-validation"
                    format="html" scope="external">Build Validation</xref> for more details.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_r5l_zwn_2yb">
            <title><b>Configure Azure Pipeline</b></title>
            <p>Create a new pipeline or use existing pipeline (<b>Project</b> → <b>Pipelines</b> →
                    <b>New Pipeline</b>) and configure required fields. Push those changes and agent
                will pick up the job and initiate the pipeline.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
