<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_n3s_tjp_cyb">
    <title>Using Azure DevOps Extension with Coverity Connect with Thin Client</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_u5k_1qz_wxb">
            <p>Currently, Synopsys Security Scan only supports the Coverity Connect with thin client
                deployment model, which removes the need for a large footprint installation in your
                agent. Before running Coverity Connect using the Synopsys Security Scan for Azure
                DevOps Extension, ensure the appropriate project and stream are set in your Coverity
                Connect server environment. Configure sensitive data like usernames, passwords and
                URLs using pipeline variables. An example of additions to
                    <codeph>azure-pipelines.yml</codeph> to run Coverity Connect with Thin Client is
                shown
                below.<codeblock>trigger:
- main

pool:
  vmImage: ubuntu-latest

variables:
  - group: coverity
  
steps:
- task: SynopsysSecurityScan@1.0.0
  displayName: 'Coverity Full Scan'
  condition: not(eq(variables['Build.Reason'], 'PullRequest'))
  inputs:
    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_URL: <varname>$(COVERITY_URL)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_USER_NAME: <varname>$(COVERITY_USER)</varname>
    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_USER_PASSWORD: <varname>$(COVERITY_PASSPHRASE)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>$(Build.Repository.Name)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_STREAM_NAME: <varname>$(Build.Repository.Name)</varname>-<varname>$(Build.SourceBranchName)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_POLICY_VIEW: 'Outstanding Issues'
    ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
    # include_diagnostics: true

- task: SynopsysSecurityScan@1.0.0
  displayName: 'Coverity PR Scan'
  condition: eq(variables['Build.Reason'], 'PullRequest')
  inputs:
    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_URL: <varname>$(COVERITY_URL)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_USER_NAME: <varname>$(COVERITY_USER)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_USER_PASSWORD: <varname>$(COVERITY_PASSPHRASE)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>$(Build.Repository.Name)
</varname>    BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_STREAM_NAME: <varname>$(Build.Repository.Name)</varname>-<varname>$(Build.targetBranchName)
</varname>    ### Below configuration is used to enable feedback from Coverity security testing as pull request comment
    BRIDGE_COVERITY_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT: true
    AZURE_TOKEN: $(System.AccessToken) # Mandatory when BRIDGE_COVERITY_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT is set to 'true'
    ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
    # include_diagnostics: true</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rv4_d34_cyb">
            <title>Optional Parameters for Cloud Coverity</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_fl1_3sd_nxb">
                    <li><codeph>BRIDGE_COVERITY_INSTALL_DIRECTORY</codeph>: Specifies an install
                        directory other than the default to install Coverity.</li>
                    <li><codeph>BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_POLICY_VIEW</codeph>: Policy view in
                        Coverity. ID number/Name of a saved view to apply as a break the build
                        policy. If any defects are found within this view when applied to the
                        project, the build fails with an exit code. Example:
                            <codeph>BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_POLICY_VIEW: '100001'</codeph> or
                            <codeph>BRIDGE_COVERITY_CONNECT_POLICY_VIEW:'Outstanding
                            Issues'</codeph>.</li>
                    <li><codeph>BRIDGE_COVERITY_AUTOMATION_PRCOMMENT</codeph>: Enables feedback from
                        Coverity security testing as pull request comment. Merge request must be
                        created first from feature branch to main branch to run Coverity PR Comment.
                        Values are <codeph>true</codeph> or <codeph>false</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>See the <xref href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita">Complete List
                    of Synopsys Bridge Arguments</xref> for details of Coverity Connect
                arguments.</p>
            <p>If <codeph>bridge_coverity_automation_prcomment</codeph> is set to
                    <codeph>true</codeph>, you must also pass <codeph>azure_token</codeph> with the
                required permissions. (Example: <codeph>azure_token:
                        $<varname>(System.AccessToken)</varname></codeph>.)</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
