<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_gyx_dh3_cyb">
    <title>Using Synopsys GitHub Action for Black Duck</title>
    <body>
        <p>The Synopsys Action supports both self-hosted (e.g., on-prem) and Synopsys-hosted Black
      Duck Hub instances. </p>
        <p id="p_ldg_zpj_mxb">In the default Black Duck Hub permission model, projects and project
      versions are created on the fly and as needed. Ensure that permissions needed to create
      projects and project versions are granted on Black Duck Hub.</p>
    <p>Synopsys action runs full “intelligent” Black Duck scans on SCM push events and
      “rapid” ephemeral scans for SCM pull request events as shown in the example below.</p>
        <p>Below is an example of a <codeph><varname>workflow</varname>.yml</codeph> file configured
      for Black Duck.<codeblock>name: bd-sig-action

on:
  push:
    branches: [ main, master, develop, stage, release ]
  pull_request:
    branches: [ main, master, develop, stage, release ]
  workflow_dispatch:  
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: [ ubuntu-latest ]
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Source
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Black Duck Full Scan
        if: <varname>${{ github.event_name != 'pull_request' }}
</varname>        uses: synopsys-sig/synopsys-action@v1.2.0
        ### Use below configuration to set specific detect environment variables
        env:
          DETECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>${{ github.event.repository.name }}
</varname>        with:
          blackduck_url: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_URL }}</varname>
          blackduck_apiToken: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_API_TOKEN }}
</varname>          blackduck_scan_full: true
          ### Accepts Multiple Values
          blackduck_scan_failure_severities: 'BLOCKER,CRITICAL'
          ### Uncomment below configuration to enable automatic fix pull request creation if vulnerabilities are reported
          # blackduck_automation_fixpr: true 
          # github_token: <varname>${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}</varname> # Mandatory when blackduck_automation_fixpr is set to 'true'
          ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
          # include_diagnostics: true  

      - name: Black Duck PR Scan
        if: <varname>${{ github.event_name == 'pull_request' }}
</varname>        uses: synopsys-sig/synopsys-action@v1.2.0
        ### Use below configuration to set specific detect environment variables
        env:
          DETECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>${{ github.event.repository.name }}
</varname>        with:
          blackduck_url: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_URL }}
</varname>          blackduck_apiToken: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_API_TOKEN }}
</varname>          blackduck_scan_full: false
          ### Below configuration is used to enable automatic pull request comment based on Black Duck scan result
          blackduck_automation_prcomment: true
          github_token: <varname>${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}</varname> # Mandatory when blackduck_automation_prcomment is set to 'true'
          ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
          # include_diagnostics: true</codeblock></p>
    <p>Setting Fix Pull requests creation works as follows:<ul id="ul_ff1_qxn_gyb">
        <li><codeph><b>blackduck_automation_fixpr</b></codeph>: By default, fix pull request
          creation is disabled (Synopsys Action will not create fix pull requests for vulnerable
          direct dependencies.). To enable this feature, set
            <codeph>blackduck_automation_fixpr</codeph> as <codeph>true</codeph>.</li>
        <li><codeph><b>github_token</b></codeph>: You must pass <codeph>github_token</codeph>
          parameter with required permissions. The token can be GitHub
            <codeph>secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN</codeph> with required permissions. For more information on
          GitHub tokens see the <xref
            href="https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication"
            format="html" scope="external">GitHub documentation</xref></li>
        <li>Due to rate limit restriction of GitHub rest API calls, note that GitHub might limit the
          number of pull requests that are created by Synopsys Action.</li>
        
      </ul></p>
    <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_c2d_5yn_gyb">
      <title><b>List of mandatory and optional parameters for Black Duck</b></title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Input Parameter</b></entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
            <entry>Mandatory / Optional</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_url</codeph></entry>
            <entry>Black Duck URL</entry>
            <entry>Mandatory</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_apiToken</codeph></entry>
            <entry>Black Duck API token</entry>
            <entry>Mandatory</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_install_directory</codeph></entry>
            <entry>Installation directory for Black Duck</entry>
            <entry>Optional</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_scan_full</codeph></entry>
            <entry>
              <p>Specifies whether full scan is required or not. </p>
              <p>Full "intelligent" scan is to be used for push events and rapid scan for
                pull request events.</p>
              <p>Supported values: true or false </p>
            </entry>
            <entry>Optional</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_scan_failure_severities</codeph></entry>
            <entry>
              <p>Black Duck scan failure severities. </p>
              <p>Supported values: ALL, NONE, BLOCKER, CRITICAL, MAJOR, MINOR, OK,
                TRIVIAL, UNSPECIFIED </p>
            </entry>
            <entry>Optional</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_automation_prcomment</codeph></entry>
            <entry>
              <p>Option to enable automatic creation pull request comments for new issues
                found in the pull request.</p>
              <p>Merge Request must be created first from feature branch to main branch to
                run Black Duck PR Comment. </p>
              <p>Default: false </p>
            </entry>
            <entry>Optional</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>blackduck_automation_fixpr</codeph></entry>
            <entry>
              <p>Flag to enable automatic creation for fix pull requests for vulnerable
                direct dependencies. </p>
              <p> </p>
              <p>Default: false </p>
              <p><b>Black Duck automation fix pull request is currently supported for NPM
                  projects only.</b>
              </p>
              <p> </p>
            </entry>
            <entry>Optional</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><codeph>github_token</codeph></entry>
            <entry>
              <p>GitHub Access Token </p>
              <p>Example: <codeph>github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}</codeph></p>
            </entry>
            <entry>Mandatory if <codeph>blackduck_automation_fixpr</codeph> or
              <codeph>blackduck_automation_prcomment</codeph> is set as true</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    </body>
</topic>
