<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_gyx_dh3_cyb">
    <title>Using Synopsys GitHub Action for Black Duck</title>
    <body>
        <p>The Synopsys Action supports both self-hosted (e.g. on-prem) and Synopsys-hosted Black
            Duck Hub instances. </p>
        <p id="p_ldg_zpj_mxb">No preparation is typically needed before running the pipeline. In the
            default Black Duck Hub permission model, projects and project versions are created on
            the fly and as needed. </p>
        <p>On pushes, a full "intelligent" Black Duck scan runs. On pull requests, a "rapid"
      ephemeral scan runs.  <note id="note_hfy_ysj_mxb">Any command line parameters that you need to
        pass to Detect can be passed through environment variables. This is a standard capability of
        Detect. For example, if you wanted to only report newly found policy violations on rapid
        scans, you would normally use the command line
          <codeph>--detect.blackduck.rapid.compare.mode=BOM_COMPARE_STRICT</codeph>. You can replace
        this by setting the <codeph>DETECT_BLACKDUCK_RAPID_COMPARE_MODE</codeph> environment
        variable to <codeph>BOM_COMPARE_STRICT</codeph> and configure this in your GitHub
        workflow.</note></p>
        <p>Setting Fix Pull requests creation works as follows:<ul id="ul_u5l_ftj_mxb">
        <li><b><codeph>blackduck_automation_fixpr</codeph></b>: By default, fix pull request
          creation is disabled (Black Duck will not create fix pull requests if vulnerabilities are
          reported). To enable this feature, set <codeph>blackduck_automation_fixpr</codeph> as
            <codeph>true</codeph>.</li>
        <li><b><codeph>github_token</codeph></b>: You must pass <codeph>github_token</codeph>
          parameter with required permissions. The token can be GitHub specified
            <codeph>secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN</codeph> with required permissions. For more information on
          GitHub tokens see <xref
            href="https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication"
            format="html" scope="external">the GitHub documentation</xref>. </li>
        <li>Due to rate limit restriction of GitHub rest API calls, the system may create fewer pull
          requests than specified.</li>
      </ul>Below is an example of a <codeph><varname>workflow</varname>.yml</codeph> file configured
      for Black
      Duck.<codeblock>name: bd-sig-action

on:
  push:
    branches: [ main, master, develop, stage, release ]
  pull_request:
    branches: [ main, master, develop, stage, release ]
  workflow_dispatch:  
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: [ ubuntu-latest ]
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Source
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Black Duck Full Scan
        if: <varname>${{ github.event_name != 'pull_request' }}
</varname>        uses: synopsys-sig/synopsys-action@v1.2.0
        ### Use below configuration to set specific detect environment variables
        env:
          DETECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>${{ github.event.repository.name }}
</varname>        with:
          blackduck_url: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_URL }}</varname>
          blackduck_apiToken: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_API_TOKEN }}
</varname>          blackduck_scan_full: true
          ### Accepts Multiple Values
          blackduck_scan_failure_severities: 'BLOCKER,CRITICAL'
          ### Uncomment below configuration to enable automatic fix pull request creation if vulnerabilities are reported
          # blackduck_automation_fixpr: true 
          # github_token: <varname>${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}</varname> # Mandatory when blackduck_automation_fixpr is set to 'true'
          ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
          # include_diagnostics: true  

      - name: Black Duck PR Scan
        if: <varname>${{ github.event_name == 'pull_request' }}
</varname>        uses: synopsys-sig/synopsys-action@v1.2.0
        ### Use below configuration to set specific detect environment variables
        env:
          DETECT_PROJECT_NAME: <varname>${{ github.event.repository.name }}
</varname>        with:
          blackduck_url: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_URL }}
</varname>          blackduck_apiToken: <varname>${{ secrets.BLACKDUCK_API_TOKEN }}
</varname>          blackduck_scan_full: false
          ### Below configuration is used to enable automatic pull request comment based on Black Duck scan result
          blackduck_automation_prcomment: true
          github_token: <varname>${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}</varname> # Mandatory when blackduck_automation_prcomment is set to 'true'
          ### Uncomment below configuration if Synopsys Bridge diagnostic files needs to be uploaded
          # include_diagnostics: true</codeblock></p>
    </body>
</topic>
