<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ed2_y3f_lxb">
    <title>Passing Arguments using a JSON file</title>
    <body>
		<p>Passing arguments using a JSON file greatly simplifies the command line and promotes
			reuse. Here are the steps:<ol id="ol_jcz_stm_gyb">
				<li>Create an access token in the web interface of the Synopsys security product you
					are integrating with.</li>
				<li>Use environment variable(s) to pass sensitive information such as password or access token
					to Synopsys Bridge (recommended for security purposes). Synopsys Bridge
					automatically picks up values passed through these variables. <ul
						id="ul_h21_5xs_gyb">
						<li>Example: <codeph>export
									BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN=<i>&lt;POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN></i></codeph>.</li>
					</ul></li>
				<li>Pass the JSON file to Synopsys Bridge using the <codeph>--input </codeph>command
					line option.</li>
				<li>Pass the Synopsys security product you are integrating with using the
						<codeph>--stage</codeph> option.</li>
			</ol></p>
		<p>Here are the example
				commands:<codeblock>export BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN=&lt;POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN>
synopsys-bridge --stage polaris --input input.json</codeblock><note
				id="note_k2q_yxs_gyb"> Depending on your OS, you will need to use appropriate
				mechanism to set environment variables.</note></p>
        <p>Here is the <codeph>input.json</codeph> file:<codeblock>{
	"data": {
		"polaris": {
			"application": {
				"name": "&lt;APPLICATION_NAME>"
			},
			"project": {
				"name": "&lt;PROJECT_NAME>"
			},
			"assessment": {
				"types":  ["SAST", "SCA"]

			},
			"serverUrl": "&lt;SERVER_URL>"
		}
	}
}</codeblock><note id="note_a1y_qys_gyb">It is recommended that you save the JSON file at
				the root of the project directory being scanned. The JSON file can have any name as
				long as it has a <codeph>.json</codeph> extension.</note><note id="note_rkz_tys_gyb"
				>You can use different JSON files for different use cases.</note></p>
		<p>For a complete list of environment variables and command line arguments, see <xref
				href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita">Complete List of Synopsys
				Bridge Arguments</xref>.</p>
		<p>For tool specific information and examples, see:<ul id="ul_v3q_rnh_cyb">
				<li><xref href="c_using-synopsys-bridge-with-polaris.dita">Using Synopsys Bridge
						with Polaris</xref></li>
				<li><xref href="c_using-synopsys-bridge-with-black-duck.dita">Using Synopsys Bridge
						with Black Duck</xref></li>
				<li><xref href="c_using-synopsys-bridge-with-coverity-connect.dita">Using Synopsys
						Bridge with Coverity Connect</xref></li>
			</ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
