<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_bqs_5rw_txb">
    <title>Using Synopsys Bridge CLI with Polaris</title>
    <body>
        <p dir="ltr">As a Polaris customer, you can use Synopsys Bridge to automate SAST and SCA
            scanning in your CI/CD pipeline. You can use Synopsys Bridge to run Polaris scans in the
            following two ways:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_ut3_ljn_cyb">
                <li><xref href="#topic_bqs_5rw_txb/section_ypr_2tw_txb" format="dita">Running
                        Polaris scans with a JSON file</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="#topic_bqs_5rw_txb/section_nm3_czd_5xb" format="dita">Running
                        Polaris scans on the command line</xref></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>In addition to running scans, you can also optionally configure Synopsys Bridge to create
            fix pull requests for SCA issues. Currently, only NPM is supported. For more
            information, see see <xref href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita"
                >Complete List of Synopsys Bridge Arguments</xref>.</p>
        <section id="section_ypr_2tw_txb">
            <title>Running Polaris scans with a JSON file</title>
            <p>
                <div><p dir="ltr">Synopsys Bridge for Polaris uses Coverity for SAST scans and Black
                        Duck for SCA scans under the hood. Depending on the task, you may need to
                        pass additional SAST and SCA configurations.</p>After passing sensitive
                    access token and password information using the
                        <codeph>BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN</codeph> environment variable, run
                    Synopsys Bridge and pass the JSON file using the <codeph>--input</codeph>
                    command line option. Here is a command line example for Polaris:</div>
            </p>
            <p>
                <codeblock>export BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN=&lt;POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN>
synopsys-bridge --stage connect --input input.json</codeblock>
            </p>
            <p>The above example uses the following:</p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_hrd_hbj_gyb">
                    <li dir="ltr">
                        <p dir="ltr"><codeph>BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN</codeph> environment
                            variable to pass sensitive information such as password or access token
                            to Synopsys Bridge (recommended for security purposes). Note that
                            Synopsys Bridge automatically picks up values passed thru these
                            environment variables.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li dir="ltr">
                        <p dir="ltr"><codeph>--stage </codeph>argument to specify the Synopsys
                            security product in use</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>Here is the <codeph>input.json</codeph> file::<codeblock>{
    "data": {
        "polaris": {
            "application": {
                "name": "<varname>&lt;APPLICATION_NAME></varname>"
            },
            "project": {
                "name": "<varname>&lt;PROJECT_NAME></varname>"
            },         
            "assessment": {
                "types":  ["SCA", "SAST"]
 
            },
            "serverUrl": "&lt;<varname>POLARIS_URL></varname>"
        }
    }
}</codeblock></p>
            
                
                    <p dir="ltr">The above example uses the following schema resources:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_f2n_mbj_gyb">
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.serverUrl</codeph> for Polaris URL</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.application.name</codeph> for Polaris
                                Application to use. Note that the specified application must exist
                                on Polaris with appropriate entitlements.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.project.name </codeph>for Polaris Project
                                to use. Note that the specified project must exist on Polaris. You
                                can set polaris.onboarding to true if you want Synopsys Bridge to
                                automatically create the project in case it doesn’t yet exist on
                                Polaris.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.assessment.types </codeph>specifies the
                                type of scan to be run: SAST or SCA or SAST,SCA</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>For the required minimum set of arguments that you need to pass to
                        integrate Synopsys Bridge with Polaris, refer to the Polaris specific
                        resources page under <xref href="c_schema.dita" format="dita">Schema
                            Resources And Extensions</xref>.</p>
                    <p>For a complete list of environment variables and command line
                        arguments, see <xref href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita">Complete List of Synopsys Bridge Arguments</xref>.</p>
                
                <p>For additional SAST-specific details, see <xref
                        href="#topic_bqs_5rw_txb/section_igg_jky_dyb" format="dita">Additional SAST
                    configuration requirements</xref></p>
            
                
        </section>
        <section id="section_nm3_czd_5xb">
            <title>Running Polaris scans on the command line</title>
            <p dir="ltr">Instead of using a JSON file, you can pass all arguments via the command
                line. Here is a command line example for Polaris:</p>
            <p>
                <codeblock>export BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN=<varname>&lt;POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN></varname>
synopsys-bridge --stage polaris polaris.project.name="<varname>&lt;PROJECT_NAME></varname>" \
polaris.application.name="<varname>&lt;APPLICATION_NAME></varname>" \
polaris.assessment.types=SAST,SCA \
polaris.serverUrl="<varname>&lt;SERVERURL>"</varname></codeblock>
            </p>
            
                <p dir="ltr">The above example uses the following:</p><ul id="ul_hg1_rbj_gyb">
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>BRIDGE_POLARIS_ACCESSTOKEN</codeph> environment
                                variable to pass sensitive information such as password or access
                                token to Synopsys Bridge (recommended for security purposes). Note
                                that Synopsys Bridge automatically picks up values passed thru these
                                environment variables.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>--stage</codeph> argument to specify the Synopsys
                                security product in use</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul><ul id="ul_ig1_rbj_gyb">
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.serverUrl</codeph> for Polaris URL</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.application.name</codeph> for Polaris
                                Application to use. Note that the specified application must exist
                                on Polaris with appropriate entitlements.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.project.name</codeph> for Polaris Project
                                to use. Note that the specified project must exist on Polaris. You
                                can set polaris.onboarding to true if you want Synopsys Bridge to
                                automatically create the project in case it doesn’t yet exist on
                                Polaris.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li dir="ltr">
                            <p dir="ltr"><codeph>polaris.assessment.types</codeph> specifies the
                                type of scan to be run: SAST or SCA or SAST,SCA.</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                    <p dir="ltr">For the required minimum set of arguments that you need to
                        pass to integrate Synopsys Bridge with Polaris, refer to Polaris specific
                        resources page under <xref href="c_schema.dita" format="dita">Schema
                            Resources And Extensions</xref>.</p>
                    <p>For a complete list of environment variables and command line arguments, see <xref
                        href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita">Complete List of
                        Synopsys Bridge Arguments</xref>.</p>
                        <p>For additional SAST-specific details, see
                        <xref href="#topic_bqs_5rw_txb/section_igg_jky_dyb" format="dita">Additional
                            SAST configuration requirements</xref></p>
            
        </section>
        <section id="section_igg_jky_dyb">
            <title>Additional SAST configuration requirements</title>
            <p>A <codeph>coverity.yml</codeph> configuration file is required for: <ul
                    id="ul_i3b_qky_dyb">
                    <li>Static analysis of compiled languages like C/C++, C# and Java. </li>
                    <li>Optimizing static analysis when results are unsatisfactory.</li>
                </ul>Certain Coverity Connect scans on Polaris require configuration of additional
                capture settings using a <codeph>coverity.yaml</codeph> file. See <xref
                    href="https://polaris.synopsys.com/developer/default/documentation/t_cov-thin-client"
                    format="html" scope="external">Configuring Coverity Thin Client for use with
                    Synopsys Bridge and Polaris</xref> in the <cite>Polaris Developer Portal</cite>
                for more information.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
