<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_tsw_g1v_qxb">
    <title>Using Synopsys Bridge CLI with Black Duck</title>
    <body>
        <p>As a Black Duck customer, you can use Synopsys Bridge to automate SCA scanning in your CI
            pipeline. </p>
        <p>You can use Synopsys Bridge with Black Duck in the following two ways:<ul
                id="ul_kkz_4fn_gyb">
                <li><xref href="#topic_tsw_g1v_qxb/section_wtd_kzv_qxb"/></li>
                <li><xref href="#topic_tsw_g1v_qxb/section_x5p_nbw_qxb"/></li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>In addition to running full scans, you can also optionally configure Synopsys Bridge to
            perform the following:<ul id="ul_qr3_tfn_gyb">
                <li>Scan pull requests</li>
                <li>Add comments to pull requests</li>
                <li>Create fix pull requests (NPM only)</li>
            </ul><note id="note_qyh_4dt_gyb">As an alternative to Synopsys Bridge, you can also use
                    <xref href="c_using-synopsys-github-action.dita">Synopsys Action</xref>,
                    <xref href="c_using-synopsys-gitlab-template.dita">Synopsys Template for
                    GitLab</xref> or <xref href="c_synopsys-security-scan-for-azure-devops.dita"
                    >Synopsys Security Scan for Azure DevOps</xref>.</note></p>
        <section id="section_wtd_kzv_qxb">
            <title>Running Black Duck scans with a JSON file</title>
            <p>Pass sensitive information such as username and token using environmental variables,
                and run Synopsys Bridge and pass the JSON file using the <codeph>--input
                </codeph>command line option.</p>
            <p>Here is a command line example for Black
                Duck:<codeblock id="codeblock_vnq_jgn_gyb">export BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN=&lt;BLACKDUCK_TOKEN>
synopsys-bridge --stage blackduck --input input.json </codeblock></p>
            <p>The above example uses the following:<ul id="ul_b31_lgn_gyb">
                    <li><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN</codeph> environment variable to pass
                        sensitive information such as password or access token to Synopsys Bridge
                        (recommended for security purposes). Note that Synopsys Bridge automatically
                        picks up values passed thru these environment variables.</li>
                    <li><codeph>--stage</codeph> argument to specify the Synopsys security product
                        in use.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>Here is the <codeph>input.json</codeph> file:<pre>{
    "data": {
        "blackduck": {
            "url": <varname>&lt;BLACKDUCK_URL></varname>,
            "scan": {
                "full": true,
                "failure": {
                    "severities": ["CRITICAL"]
                }
            }
        }
    }
}</pre></p>
            <p>The above JSON file uses the following:<ul id="ul_l25_sgn_gyb">
                    <li><codeph>blackduck.url</codeph> for Black Duck URL.</li>
                    <li><codeph>blackduck.scan.full</codeph> should be set to <codeph>true</codeph>
                        so that a full /intelligent scan is run by Synopsys Bridge. For pull request
                        scans, this should be set to <codeph>false</codeph>.</li>
                    <li><codeph>blackduck.scan.failure.severities</codeph> is a list of severities
                        that is used by Synopsys Bridge to decide if the CI pipeline should be
                        failed or not.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>For the required minimum set of arguments that you need to pass to integrate Synopsys
                Bridge with Polaris, refer to the Polaris specific resources page under <xref
                    href="c_schema.dita"/>.</p>
            <p>For a complete list of environment variables and command line arguments, see <xref
                    href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita">Complete List of
                    Synopsys Bridge Arguments</xref>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_x5p_nbw_qxb">
            <title>Running Black Duck scans on the command line</title>
            <p>Instead of using a JSON file, you can pass all arguments on the command line. </p>
            <p>Here is a command line example for Black
                Duck:<codeblock id="codeblock_z1f_22t_gyb">export BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN=<varname>&lt;BLACKDUCK_TOKEN></varname>
synopsys-bridge --stage blackduck \
blackduck.url=<varname>&lt;BLACKDUCK_URL></varname> \
blackduck.scan.failure.severities=CRITICAL,HIGH \
blackduck.scan.full=true</codeblock></p>
            <p>The above example uses the following:<ul id="ul_sxv_chn_gyb">
                    <li><codeph>BRIDGE_BLACKDUCK_TOKEN></codeph> environment variable to pass
                        sensitive information such as password or access token to Synopsys Bridge
                        (recommended for security purposes). Note that Synopsys Bridge automatically
                        picks up values passed thru these environment variables.</li>
                    <li><codeph>--stage</codeph> argument to specify the Synopsys security product
                        in use.</li>
                    <li><codeph>blackduck.url</codeph> for Black Duck URL.</li>
                    <li><codeph>blackduck.scan.full</codeph> shouldbe set to <codeph>true</codeph>
                        so that a full/intelligent scan is run by Synopsys Bridge. For pull request
                        scans, this should be set to <codeph>false</codeph>.</li>
                    <li><codeph>blackduck.scan.failure.severities</codeph> is a comma separated list
                        of severities that is used by Synopsys Bridge to decide if the CI pipeline
                        should be failed or not.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>For the required minimum set of arguments that you need to pass to integrate Synopsys
                Bridge with Black Duck, refer to the Polaris specific resources page under <xref
                    href="c_schema.dita"/>.</p>
            <p>For a complete list of environment variables and command line arguments, see <xref
                    href="c_complete-list-of-synopsys-bridge-commands.dita">Complete List of
                    Synopsys Bridge Arguments</xref>.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
